8 good reasons to consume milk
almonds in recent years has
proved that cow's milk is not
as healthy as we all think since
besides causing inflammation and
upsets when we consume it today in
day there are more people intolerant to it
that's why almond milk is
an excellent alternative for
replace it and in this article
you will find several benefits that
will increase the quality of your diet and not
there will be doubt that you will be convinced
to start consuming it first not
causes intolerance as does the
cow a benefit of milk from
almonds is that it does not taste the same
than cow's milk that occasionally
milk can be unpleasant
almond has its own flavor with a
light shade and nice to walnut without
But almond milk well
its rich flavor can be consumed by
people intolerant to dairy
and celiac has the same consistency
Cow's milk so he
you can use with the same objective
second is nutritious and healthy the
Almond milk is fully vegetable
natural and balanced which
contains additives or preservatives
It is also rich in vitamins and
protein omega 6 zinc calcium iron
magnesium and third potassium is lower
in calories that cow's milk the
almond milk is lower in
calories than cow's milk even
that the skim or semi-skim
cow's milk contains a greater
amount of cholesterol compared to
almond milk a glass of milk
almond contains around 70
calories while that of cow
It contains approximately 86 calories
excellent alternative room for
people with lactose intolerance
normally when we think of a
Person who can not drink milk is
because it is lactose intolerant
almond milk is an excellent
alternative for these people that
suffer from celiac disease since a
difference of cow milk milk
of almond is absolutely free of
lactose fifth improves the condition
Cardiovascular cardiovascular level
almond milk helps improve the
good cholesterol levels hdl and
reduce levels
but bad ldl and triglycerides and also
helps strengthen the sixth heart
helps to improve problems
Gastrointestinal almond milk
It has a high percentage of fiber
soluble and insoluble which protects the
intestinal wall especially at the level of
colon and regulates the absorption rate
of sugars and cholesterol milk
almond helps us with digestion and
It also serves to improve conditions
gastrointestinal seventh serves for the
skin care hair and nails
because the almond contains
Vitamin B2 helps the nails and the
hair is strengthened and the skin has
eighth better hydration is easy to
make the almond milk is
easy to do simply leave
Soak the almonds at night at
next day you liquefy them with a little
water you pour the mixture through a
gauze squeezes it well with your hands on
a jar you can optionally add
a little honey or some other sweetener
natural refrigerates it if ready